change-logs in 2026 for edge (#4505)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/edge/edge-2026.0.0-k8s-version.md

---
date: 2026-01-01
title: Kubernetes version update
change_type:
  - value: change-inv-3bw8e
    label: Announcement
product_area: Edge
component:
  - value: component-g7hnfbu4J
    label: Edge
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-nJH2U7g3u
    label: edge
ticket: CIE-5556
version: 2026.0.0
---

> As part of 2026 release there is a change in pre-requisite to start suppoting 1.34.x version of kuberntes.As part of the 2026 release, an update has been introduced to the prerequisite requirements to enable support for Kubernetes version 1.34.x in Cumulocity Edge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of 2026 release there is a change in pre-requisite to start supporting 1.34.x version of Kubernetes. As part of the 2026 release, an update has been introduced to the prerequisite requirements to enable support for Kubernetes version 1.34.x in Cumulocity Edge.
```

> As part of 2026 release there is a change in pre-requisite to start suppoting 1.34.x version of kuberntes.As part of the 2026 release, an update has been introduced to the prerequisite requirements to enable support for Kubernetes version 1.34.x in Cumulocity Edge.

Reviewer: This needs more of a "What does this mean for me, what do I need to do and care about?" slant. That is, if you're managing your own kubernetes, you need to upgrade. If you're using the c8yedge tool, it takes care of it for you.

---
date: 2026-01-01
title: Kubernetes version update
change_type:
  - value: change-inv-3bw8e
    label: Announcement
product_area: Edge
component:
  - value: component-g7hnfbu4J
    label: Edge
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-nJH2U7g3u
    label: edge
ticket: CIE-5556
version: 2026.0.0
---

As part of the 2026 release, the prerequisite requirements have been updated to support Kubernetes version 1.34.x in Cumulocity Edge.
If you manage your own Kubernetes cluster, you must ensure that your environment meets the updated prerequisites and upgrade your cluster accordingly to enable support.

> If you are using the Cumulocity Edge tooling (c8yedge), the necessary changes are handled automatically as part of the upgrade process, and no additional action is required.

Reviewer: Standard tool name formatting.
```suggestion
If you are using the Cumulocity Edge tooling (**c8yedge**), the necessary changes are handled automatically as part of the upgrade process, and no additional action is required.
```

Reviewer 2: Also, please use the shortcode for Cumulocity.
